README.md, before:

# AmazonStaticSite

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/amazon_static_site`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'amazon_static_site'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install amazon_static_site

## Usage

`/usr/local/rvm/rubies/ruby-2.6.5/bin/ruby ./bin/amazon_static_site ./sample/config/site.yml ./sample`

## Local

in ruby -run -e httpd . -p 4567

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/amazon_static_site.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

added gzip, better sample, removed not needed setting

README.md, after:

# AmazonStaticSite

Upload static HTML/CSS/JS to the Amazon S3 and host HTTPS site for free using Cloudflare.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'amazon_static_site'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install amazon_static_site

## Usage

`/usr/local/rvm/rubies/ruby-2.6.5/bin/ruby ./bin/amazon_static_site ./sample/config/site.yml ./sample`
`/usr/local/rvm/rubies/ruby-2.6.5/bin/ruby ./bin/amazon_static_site serve ./sample`

## Local

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/amazon_static_site.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
